.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Please follow the guide below

- You will be asked some questions, please read them **carefully** and answer honestly
- Put an `x` into all the boxes [ ] relevant to your *pull request* (like that [x])
- Use *Preview* tab to see how your *pull request* will actually look like

---

### Before submitting a *pull request* make sure you have:
- [ ] At least skimmed through [adding new extractor tutorial](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl#adding-support-for-a-new-site) and [youtube-dl coding conventions](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl#youtube-dl-coding-conventions) sections
- [ ] [Searched](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl/search?q=is%3Apr&type=Issues) the bugtracker for similar pull requests
- [ ] Checked the code with [flake8](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/flake8)

### In order to be accepted and merged into youtube-dl each piece of code must be in public domain or released under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/). Check one of the following options:
- [ ] I am the original author of this code and I am willing to release it under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/)
- [ ] I am not the original author of this code but it is in public domain or released under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/) (provide reliable evidence)

### What is the purpose of your *pull request*?
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Improvement
- [ ] New extractor
- [ ] New feature

---

### Description of your *pull request* and other information

Explanation of your *pull request* in arbitrary form goes here. Please make sure the description explains the purpose and effect of your *pull request* and is worded well enough to be understood. Provide as much context and examples as possible.

Commit message:

[PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md] Add tests requirement and make coding conventions requirement more explicit

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Please follow the guide below

- You will be asked some questions, please read them **carefully** and answer honestly
- Put an `x` into all the boxes [ ] relevant to your *pull request* (like that [x])
- Use *Preview* tab to see how your *pull request* will actually look like

---

### Before submitting a *pull request* make sure you have:
- [ ] [Searched](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl/search?q=is%3Apr&type=Issues) the bugtracker for similar pull requests
- [ ] Read [adding new extractor tutorial](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl#adding-support-for-a-new-site)
- [ ] Read [youtube-dl coding conventions](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl#youtube-dl-coding-conventions) and adjusted the code to meet them
- [ ] Covered the code with tests (note that PRs without tests will be REJECTED)
- [ ] Checked the code with [flake8](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/flake8)

### In order to be accepted and merged into youtube-dl each piece of code must be in public domain or released under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/). Check one of the following options:
- [ ] I am the original author of this code and I am willing to release it under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/)
- [ ] I am not the original author of this code but it is in public domain or released under [Unlicense](http://unlicense.org/) (provide reliable evidence)

### What is the purpose of your *pull request*?
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Improvement
- [ ] New extractor
- [ ] New feature

---

### Description of your *pull request* and other information

Explanation of your *pull request* in arbitrary form goes here. Please make sure the description explains the purpose and effect of your *pull request* and is worded well enough to be understood. Provide as much context and examples as possible.
